hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a thriller film: "Sennentuntschi"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
a little girl is picking mushrooms in the forest of the Alps
when a bright ray of light shines through
seemingly to lead her somewhere
a boy on a tree is holding a mirror to reflect the sunlight
the girl follows the light to find a cluster of mushrooms
she runs over happily for the mushrooms, but accidentally finds a skeleton
the girl can't help bursting out screaming
soon after, the police come for investigation
after an autopsy, the bone belongs to a young man who has died 30 years
the policeman asks the girl to recognize the boy from missing person reports
surprisingly, they find the boy has been missing since 1975
it means what the girl saw may be a ghost
the policeman doesn't believe in ghosts
as a result, the girl's mother tells him a story that happens a long time ago
time flies back to 1975
in the village of Grison Alps, Switzerland, there happens an astonishing murder
a priest is found hanging in the church
the only sheriff in the village hurries over to take care of the case
after examination, the coroner finds the body has no other wounds
people in the village are curious about his cause of death
but all the clues indicate that the priest commits suicide
the bishop thinks the dead priest must have been bewitched by the devil
even so, the bishop still holds a funeral for him
shortly after the funeral, a strange girl shows up in the village
she looks dirty and unkempt and seems too weak to walk herself
as the girl is about to faint
the sheriff takes the girl back to the police station and tries to clean her face
unexpectedly, the girl wakes up and kisses him when the doctor just comes in
the situation seems a bit embarrassed for both
so the doctor simply does a quick check for the girl and leaves
luckily, the girl is quite healthy
but she acts rude and can't speak any language
obviously, the girl isn't raised in a civilized environment
the sheriff wants to find a temporary place for the girl to stay
he thinks about the mayor's tavern
where a group of villagers has gathered to discuss the mysterious girl
one of the villagers says he once came across the girl
when he was cutting firewood in the forest
she stared at him for a while and ran away
the villagers are afraid that the mysterious girl may be a devil
while they are having a heated discussion
the sheriff takes the girl in and asks the mayor's wife if she can shelter the girl
the mayor's wife rejects him
for people in town doubt that the girl is related to the death of the priest
she kindly reminds the sheriff that the girl has a wood carving
which belongs to a young nomad herdsman living with his uncle on the mountain top
she suggests the sheriff see if the two herdsmen are well first
for the girl's safety, the sheriff puts her in prison
and hurries to visit the two herdsmen above the mountain
the nephew is an orphan raised by his herdsman uncle
they live together on the top of the mountain
the sheriff gets to their house but finds no one around
so he leaves a note and prepares to go
as the sheriff is about to leave
a shaky hand unexpectedly stretches behind the window
as if someone is asking for help
however, the sheriff doesn't notice it and leaves
he returns to the police station only to find the bishop is waiting
the bishop believes the girl must be a devil and scares her with a cross
the girl seems to be afraid of the cross
to protect her, the sheriff chases the bishop away and takes her home
he tries to comfort the girl and makes her happy
the girl seems to like him and kisses him again
though having a crush on her
the sheriff controls himself and gets her to sleep
the sheriff determines to find out the truth about the girl
the next day, he takes the girl to investigate missing persons in town
he eventually finds a woman who has almost the same appearance as the girl
however, this woman was suspected of arson and burning three herdsmen
and she disappeared 25 years ago
to find out the truth, the sheriff entrusts the girl to the mayor
and goes to the former sheriff who was responsible for this case
there, the former sheriff is impressed with the missing woman
as it's the only unsolved case in his career
but he knows nothing except that the woman was a gypsy
while the girl is waiting for the sheriff in the mayor's factory
the bishop suddenly rushes in with a knife and intends to kill her
fortunately, the mayor stops him in time
the girl is scared and runs all the way into the mayor's house
at this time, the mayor's pregnant wife is at home alone
seeing the hungry girl rushes in, she kindly brings her some food
as a Christian, the mayor's wife draws a cross on the food as usual to pray
however, the girl is frightened by the cross
and suddenly rushes crazy towards the mayor's wife
when the sheriff gets back finally, the girl has gone
so does the mayor's unborn child
feeling guilty about the mayor and his wife
the sheriff leaves their house and decides to find out the truth on his own
in the flashback sometime ago, a stranger Martin paid a visit to the small village
and happened to see the herdsman uncle
Martin claimed that he just broke up with his girlfriend
so he wanted to stay away from the noise of the city
and joined them in the cabin built on the top of the mountain
the herdsman uncle took his cash and led Martin to their place
a long quiet night, they were drinking together to kill the boring time
Martin thought of his ex-girlfriend and fell into sadness
to cheer him up, the uncle told a legend about Sennentuntschi
it is said that three lonely and horny herdsmen created a doll using brooms and rags
the devil met their wishes and made the doll a real woman
the doll could not only do housework perfectly during the day
but also satisfy their hormone desires at night
after finishing the story, the uncle asked his nephew to make a similar doll
they were so drunk to sing and dance with the doll
pretending that the doll had become a real woman
but actually, none of them took the legend seriously
however, the next day when they woke up, they saw an actual girl in the kitchen
wearing the clothes of the doll
as if the doll had truly turned into a real person
this is the girl that appeared in the village and was rescued by the sheriff
the uncle is kind of afraid
as the girl flayed the three herdsmen and turned them into dolls in the legend
however, Martin didn't believe that smelly shit
he insisted that the girl must get lost in the mountain
and they should send her back before the police come for her
the uncle agreed at first, but when he's going to take the girl down the mountain
he couldn't control himself anymore and thus give her a hormone assault
on the other side, the sheriff is worried about the missing girl
after she runs out of the mayor's house
but he has no idea where she has gone
at this time, the sheriff sees a wanted warrant that clearly shows Martin on it
it happens that Martin is wanted for killing his ex-girlfriend
but he hides the truth from the uncle and his nephew
in the flashback, Martin was surprised to see the girl still in their cabin
to avoid the police search, he dragged the girl out
and intended to push the girl off the mountain
however, after the push and pull for a while
he also couldn't control himself and give her a hormone assault on the way
so he changed his mind and took the girl back to sate their lust
at that night, the uncle and Martin even forced the nephew to hormone assault the girl as well
the next morning, the girl took her revenge to flay all the sheep owned by them
imitating the way the herdsman uncle slaughtered them
the uncle was so angry to find that his sheep were all dead
he swore that he must kill the girl
however, to keep the girl's life, Martin hid her in the storehouse
then pretended to search for her with the uncle
when they got home in the evening, Martin found himself infected with tetanus
it turns out that he was bitten by the girl when he raped her last night
the uncle tried to take him to the village for treatment
however, to avoid being caught by the police
Martin refused and confided to the uncle about his crime
having no other choice, the uncle decided to take care of Martin's wound
he asked the nephew to take some medical alcohol from the storehouse
the nephew went to the storehouse but was knocked out by the girl hiding there
haven't seen the nephew's return, the uncle ran into the storehouse to look for him
when he suddenly found the girl there
the uncle locked her in the storehouse and burned it immediately, trying to kill her that way
however, the girl climbed out from the chimney, leaving the nephew inside
it's too late when the uncle finally saw his nephew in the fire
the nephew was burned to death
the uncle was so mad and hung the girl on the beam, swearing to kill her by himself
at the critical moment, Martin showed up and threatened the uncle to free the girl
as soon as the girl was released, she grabbed a knife to stab into the old man's body
Martin couldn't believe what happened in front of him
he was so weak and fainted once again
he woke up the second time to see the girl around him in panic
Martin asked her to get some medicine for him from the village
though she couldn't understand what Martin meant
the girl still went down the mountain
and that's how she met the sheriff in the village before long
it turns out that the shaky hand on the window during the sheriff's first visit is Martin's
Martin died in a struggle eventually
meanwhile, the sheriff keeps searching for the girl after she runs away
he suddenly thinks of the bishop, who tries to kill the girl several times
so he privately searches the bishop's house
and as expected, the sheriff finds a secret chamber with a girl's doll in it
apparently, a little girl was in captivity there for long
because of that, the sheriff arrests the bishop immediately
in the police station, the bishop confesses his crimes
it's revealed that the missing gypsy woman happens to be the mother of the girl
25 years ago, the gypsy woman was raped and impregnated by the bishop
so she ran up the mountain to hide in a house of the legendary three herdsmen
but she was found by the bishop and forced to fall off the cliff
to cover up his crimes, the bishop killed the herdsmen and burned their house
and then hid their daughter in the secret chamber
the dead priest was taking care of the girl
every time the priest took her the food, he would threaten her with a cross
which explains why the missing girl is afraid to see a cross
he didn't commit suicide
but died accidentally once the girl tried to escape days ago
the bishop disguises the priest's death as suicidal to cover all things up
the girl successfully escaped and ran up the mountain
to hide in the herdsman's house by accident
that's how the story begins
while the sheriff interrogates the bishop
a kid in the village runs over to tell him that the missing girl is seen on the mountain
after imprisoning the bishop, the sheriff races to the mountain searching for the girl
in the herdsman's house, he finally finds the girl he has been thinking about
they are so happy to meet again and hug each other
the girl is so excited to see the sheriff and shows him her new "toys"
much to his shock, her toys happen to be dolls
made of the herdsman uncle, nephew, and Martin's body
it turns that the girl has no idea of death
she just makes the men into dolls in the way the nephew did to the brooms
thinking that they will be alive in this way
the sheriff is sick by what he saw
he suddenly thinks of the bishop's words that the girl is a devil
he shouts at the girl to get rid of her
the girl has never seen him like this before
she is frightened and runs into the mountain
the mountain is shrouded in clouds and mist
the sheriff follows her, but the girl can't see the road clearly
and falls in a ravine carelessly
the sheriff reproaches himself for showing his anger at her
he rushes down to find her
however, the last thing he sees is the girl's dead body
in regret, he shoots himself to end his life
in the present, the police search the whole woods, and finally reach the whole truth
they realize that there's no devil at all
but just a mortal innocent girl killed by the sheriff's mistake
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out